But well Marina do you
want to clarify
How does this collaboration between Nuria
and you come about, this collaboration that arises from
clothing? Yes because they are coming to
ask me And it is that I see it so absurd and I
say I have God I feel like a
teenager with these things but I am going
to clarify it Let's see, I have
not seen exactly what
she has said something you have told me you
have told me another okay I want to
listen to you And if you tell me, well
I will tell you, well is it like that or it is not like that okay it is that I have
gone to review it okay because
time has passed and I had not
remembered everything let's see her but it's
not a problem She started following
me on Instagram I returned the
follow When I saw that she followed me I already
knew who it was because Marta being
so active on Instagram, well, you had to
tag so much, tag, well Hey,
something she does well, I didn't know Who they were
and she wrote to me and said Hello, how are you, I don't
know what And I told her She already wrote to me first
and I answered her and said I know you
such and such And she said something like that she was
a great professional and such And  I sent her an
audio and I said I don't know if you should let me know or
something like I do
n't know if you've been following me I mean I don't know if you've been following me you're
writing to me for the same thing that
I'm thinking about for the topic of
collaborating or something like that I told her
because coincidentally I start in this is
life such and such something like that it's that I don't have
jolín I should have listened to the
audio 5 minutes ago but it was more or
less something like that and she tells me like she
followed me for my work that she liked it that she
liked it a lot and that she would love to
collaborate with me and from there on we
exchanged things that she already has an
online store and she started sending me
things I chose three things that I
liked and she sent them to me but anyway she
was the one who started following me I
sent it back to her she was the one who
wrote to me I answered her and in the audio I
send her an audio and I say I don't know if
this is for I don't know if this is for the
same thing that we're both thinking the
same if it's for the topic of collaborating and
such and she told her I tell her about the program
if it's life and she  answer that, I mean it
was like that I mean exactly the same as
she told it eh I mean then in that
sense
Marina Nuria said that you got in
touch with her, it's not like that no no because
I did go over that this afternoon you
told it today okay That's it but
man what the [ __ ] really
nothing is happening nothing is happening but
man I think I think that
we are here let's see
several people are saying It's going to
be she didn't say it like that then She has
told you several times she
tells it she tells it just like you
tell it the same Point by point Let's
go anyway she says that she
follows you and sends you a message saying that she
congratulates you and that she loves your
work or something like that and that you and that you
send her an audio and in that audio and she
says Hey but you're getting in
touch with me or This is to
collaborate or whatever because if you want to
collaborate we collaborate I don't know what time let's
see literal words more up down up down
and more or less
Well yes why not Of course you see that she says the
opposite several times now understand that
Marina contacted Nuria said the opposite
to  you first not without telling you why
but that it's okay what does it matter if you
follow me you contact me I think that
was the intention obviously But
well And yes I tell her in the audio and I say I
know you and such And she says to me
Hahaha I admire you as a professional such
And I tell her in the audio I don't know if this is
the fact that you write to me for
this which is for the same thing that I'm
thinking that it was for the topic of
collaborating and such and so she tells me as if Of
course I would love to collaborate
with you I don't know or rather It was like a little not
one you know
that she contacted getting along with or rather
getting along with Mar with Marta Riesgo or
rather being friends with Marta Riesgo still She was
already following you or she had a fight with Marta she hit follow you she had a
fight with Martarisco and half
to follow I know because I had a mini
conversation with her privately that I'm not
going to talk about that same day about the subject or
rather yes yes
[Music]
without more Or rather the only thing I
can say regarding this subject is if there is
a criminal complaint I is that putting
that type of  complaints at a police station I don't know
what I don't know the content of the
complaint
and I don't know what course they take because
[ __ ] I've put some things to the
strongest police station and they don't give it to me But
well, whether it be that they have violated her
rights or her mother's rights that for me I don't
know if legally but at least as a
person I would say that it was a mistake on
Martha's part risk
because the law says what it has to
say and that justice does what it wants is the
only thing I don't wish anything bad on
anyone on the contrary I
wish everyone the best possible I hope and that each
one does man that Marta does very
well with her business and with her thing her
journalism and her things that she finds
work and canuria moda resilience
does phenomenal with her with her
clothing store that we recommend
son really have you
touched the potato these cases of
crimes of Well yes so much with the
potato I think you are softer
or it was the romantic session or I don't know
what's wrong with you today you are soft
there are many times that maybe
people think that we go  let's see,
we're doing our
job and it bothers me a little bit, it hurts me that people
question the things that
we discuss, information that's
true, that always happens, that always happens, I
mean, to me, they throw you away so many
times they throw you away sometimes you can be
wrong but the thing is that they throw you away it's that, they
say that he told you I don't know what channel that
contacted you, well what does it matter, it wasn't me but I don't care, they
both tell it the
same and in that case, and in that case, they
both tell it like that and nothing happens now
then everyone is free to have an opinion. Hey,
well, she did it because she fought with the other one
or she didn't do it or it was a coincidence or whatever, it doesn't matter,
okay, do you think that Nuria and
Marta end up revealed on eBay
or in fame, not in the fame that
Dakota and Fanny were in?
Do you remember when legal issues get involved
and so on, I'll tell you what
I sincerely think. But sincerely,
totally sincerely, let's see what
comes out of you, let it be noticed, let it be noticed what
I think, what
I think is that if the complaint
has been filed in the  police station is not going to go they are not going to
have absolutely any more news
on this matter and there will come a time when
some will forget about each other and they will
leave each other in peace and the matter will cool down and that's it or
rather I think that the
matter does not give rise to much more
exactly each one on their own and that's it
I understood that a civil case would be filed
don't rule it out eh I don't know those things look,
judicial things apart from the fact that they
cost a lot of money you know how they
come in but you don't know how they come out you can
get involved with all the certainty and with all
the confidence that you are going to win but you
know that if you lose they are going to condemn
you in Costa and not only what you
spend but then you have to
pay for other things for having lost and the
wear and tear that I mean I think that I think that
no I think that each one will go their own
way so we wish them
both the best and I even love what I
say
once I get up from the computer
I am not friends with either